[Music]
welcome to the seven-minute marketing
podcast with your host Pam did nerve as
a leading marketing and sales enablement
strategist keynote speaker and author
camp created this podcast to share a
professional experience and insights and
help you achieve better alignment
between sales and marketing you enjoy
this podcast please share it with your
colleagues and we review on iTunes now
let's get started
[Music]
hey Pam dinner here so happy to do
another episode of the 7 minute
marketing from Portland Oregon about a
month ago
Carter hostile president of liitle
hosted a dinner for his friend ted rubin
who came to Portland to emcee a
marketing event at Intel he invited me
to be part of that dinner and asked me
to share my thoughts on overall counter
marketing trends you know just a quick
informal chat it was a very intimate
dinner gathering with a 210 marketing
professionals we talked about marketing
trends share personal stories or just
talk about whatever topics that happen
to come up at a time delicious meals
great wines excellent conversations just
what a great dinner party should be it
was fun to see Carter again as I haven't
seen him for almost two years the last
time I met him he was just moved to
Portland from San Francisco I asked how
he has been doing he told me that he has
been doing well and super busy it turns
out that he has grown his agency to
almost 20 people damn well done Carter
very impressive so I asked him what any
consultant or small business owners
would ask so Carter how do you find your
customers and a prospect to my surprise
Carter told me that he doesn't do
typical album marketing hmm that is
intriguing
if you don't do all about marketing how
do you find your prospects his answer
was one word community so here is how he
does it rather than doing typical
digital albums he's spending his energy
poor actively to nurture and grow his
come
like Oh at Network his community
consists of industry experts
professional colleagues consultant
agency people and influencers whom he
considers friends he hosts regular
get-togethers
he usually invites eight to twelve
people from his community to attend his
dinner party he carefully orchestrates
the dinner party list by bringing one to
two influencers or industry experts and
eight to ten agencies consultant or
brain marketing managers so it's a mix
of people the influencer and industry
experts are the draw to get people to
attend the party
Kadir provides the influencers a
platform to share their insights and the
thoughts as way of steering some
interesting and intelligent
conversations attendees get a chance to
meet industry experts enjoy the dinners
network with the fellow marketers and
having wonderful conversations so it's
full went hashtag when when when when
but here's the one interesting
observation from me
Carter's target clients are startups and
Emma size company's not big enterprises
I think he regularly turns down
enterprise clients because he doesn't
fit his business model so I was puzzled
why he invites major brand marketing
managers to attend his dinner parties is
he wasting his time and money they're
not even his client base if you think
about it and there's no real payoff I
asked him why he does that and he
answered with one word again community
it's really not about him anymore it's
about the community he doesn't need to
meet enterprise marketing managers but
his community members such as agencies
or consulting friends or even industry
experts or influencers would love to
talk to them it's really about creating
networking opportunity for his community
even though there is no direct benefit
to him and I thought that was very smart
and a thoughtful Carter's approach of
getting prospect it's a lone play sheep
or actively nurtures
and expands his community and it makes
an effort to help his network whenever
possible so whenever they have questions
or requests cotta would do what he can
he doesn't invite one person for one
dinner over the years the same person
may attend several dinners through all
the courses of these dinners Carter gets
to know them well and they get to know
Carter and his community well slowly
these people become his advocates if
they see opportunities that fit Carters
service offerings they send prospects to
Carter in a way his community and
monthly dinners are his version of album
marketing but not focusing on digital
outreach or relying on machine
algorithms per se but on human
connections which he calls the human
algorithm again human algorithm I
thought that was a great term I
participated in his dinner in Portland
and one more time in Silicon Valley
it's always fun just to know other
fellow marketers whether they are on the
client or agency side it really doesn't
matter Carter made an effort to
introduce me to his community i
reciprocated by sharing my network with
Carter and his community and I guess
that's how referrals work if you think
about it like Carter said you just never
know where and when your next li will
come from it's nice to network and to
build those human connections to foster
that potential opportunities again it's
not something that you can do once and
check off you need to spend time
nurturing and working on it like any
relationship and Carter has been doing
dinner parties for years
Allah Allah Han my approach for finding
prospect it's completely different than
Carter's although I don't do pay
marketing I still do typical digital
album marketing and make sure that my
website is optimized with the right
keywords and the content then I create
content on a regular basis to drive
traffic to my website and to build my
thought leadership presence I also make
an effort to speak at marketing
conferences in
I do virtual call calls in which I reach
out to potential prospects by sharing
relevant content on LinkedIn lastly I
also rank email campaigns to my
subscribers so if you think about it I
rely on SEO content marketing email and
a virtual call calls to find prospects
which is you know typical of album and
domain generation efforts by talking to
Kadir I realize there's no one way to
find your prospects there are many ways
and channels that you can use and
leverage the key is to understand what
works for you and create a model that
you can repeat every week every month
and every year both of us agree that the
best way to get leads is through
referrals and the best way to get
referrals is to do a great job for your
existing customers and be helpful to
your past and existing customers and
network at the end of the day you just
don't know where your leads will come
from if you have your own approach of
building your prospect pipelines please
reach out and let me know let's keep
sharing and learning from each other all
right take care
have a great day
if you enjoyed this podcast we share it
with your colleagues and we review on
iTunes
[Music]